{{doc/start}}
Lua module that renders HTML infoboxes for all Foundry wiki entity types. Called by the [[Template:Infobox Item|Infobox Item]], [[Template:Infobox Building|Infobox Building]], [[Template:Infobox Research|Infobox Research]], [[Template:Infobox Element|Infobox Element]], [[Template:Infobox Exploration Unlock|Infobox Exploration Unlock]], [[Template:Infobox Sky Platform Upgrade|Infobox Sky Platform Upgrade]], and [[Template:Research Card]] templates.

== Data source ==
All data is loaded from auto-generated data modules via <code>mw.loadData()</code>:

{| class="wikitable"
! Data module !! Contents
|-
| [[Module:Data/Items]] || Item names, descriptions, stack sizes, weights, trade prices, flags
|-
| [[Module:Data/Buildings]] || Building names, sizes, power, conveyor/pipe slots, recipe tags
|-
| [[Module:Data/Research]] || Research names, costs, dependencies, crafting unlocks
|-
| [[Module:Data/Elements]] || Element names, states (gas/liquid), pipe colors
|-
| [[Module:Data/ExplorationUnlocks]] || Exploration unlock titles, categories, requirements
|-
| [[Module:Data/SkyPlatformUpgrades]] || Sky Platform upgrade names, costs, effects
|-
| [[Module:Data/ItemCategories]] || Trade category names keyed by category identifier
|-
| [[Module:Data/UpgradePaths]] || Building upgrade chains (e.g. Assembler I → II → III)
|-
| [[Module:Data/ItemBuildingIndex]] || Maps item identifiers to building identifiers
|-
| [[Module:Data/NameIndex]] || Cross-entity name lookup index
|-
| [[Module:Data/Recipes]] || Recipe inputs, outputs, and craft times (used by research_card)
|}

These modules are auto-generated by running:
<pre>foundry_parser generate-lua</pre>
from the game installation at <code>F:\SteamLibrary\SteamApps\common\FOUNDRY</code>. Do not edit data modules directly.

== Exported functions ==

=== <code>p.item(frame)</code> ===
Renders an item infobox. Called by [[Template:Infobox Item]].

Parameters accepted via <code>frame.args</code>:
* <code>id</code> — item template identifier (required)
* <code>image</code> — image filename, auto-prefixed with <code>Item_</code> if absent (optional)

=== <code>p.building(frame)</code> ===
Renders a building infobox. Called by [[Template:Infobox Building]].

Parameters: <code>id</code>, <code>image</code> (same conventions as item).

Notable behaviour:
* Size is rendered as X×Z×Y (width × depth × height).
* Power shown as kW; solar ranges shown as min–max.
* Upgrade path read from [[Module:Data/UpgradePaths]]; current building is bolded.

=== <code>p.research(frame)</code> ===
Renders a research infobox. Called by [[Template:Infobox Research]].

* Tier is computed by recursive dependency depth + 1 (Tier 1 = no prerequisites).
* Total research time assumes a single [[Research Server (Building)|Research Server]].

=== <code>p.element(frame)</code> ===
Renders an element infobox. Called by [[Template:Infobox Element]].

* State derived from <code>pipe_content_type</code>: 1 = Gas, 2 = Liquid.
* Pipe color shown as a CSS color swatch + hex code.

=== <code>p.exploration_unlock(frame)</code> ===
Renders an exploration unlock infobox. Called by [[Template:Infobox Exploration Unlock]].

=== <code>p.sky_platform(frame)</code> ===
Renders a Sky Platform upgrade infobox. Called by [[Template:Infobox Sky Platform Upgrade]].

=== <code>p.research_card(frame)</code> ===
Renders a compact inline research card. Called by [[Template:Research Card]].

== Notes ==
* Data modules are lazy-loaded and cached in <code>data_cache</code> to avoid redundant <code>mw.loadData()</code> calls within a single page render.
* All infoboxes are styled via <code>Template:Infobox/styles.css</code>.
* Image filenames are normalised: <code>Item_</code> prefix is added automatically if absent.
* Numbers are formatted with comma separators (e.g. 1,234,567).
{{doc/end}}
