{{doc/start}}
Navigation box listing all research nodes in Foundry, grouped by tier. Placed at the bottom of every research page. Built on [[Template:Navbox2]].

== Usage ==
<pre>{{Navbox Research}}</pre>

No parameters. Place at the very end of a research article, after all sections.

== Groups ==
Each group corresponds to a research tier, from Tier 1 (Emergency Beacon, the starting node) onwards. Tier is computed by recursive dependency depth: a research node with no prerequisites is Tier 1; each additional prerequisite hop adds one tier.

The navbox currently spans 27 tiers.

== Maintenance ==
This navbox is maintained by hand. When research changes between game versions:
# Update the relevant tier group(s) in <code>[[Template:Navbox Research]]</code>.
# Regenerate research data so [[Module:Data/Research]] stays current.
# Regenerate pages to update tier values shown in infoboxes.

Research pages are generated automatically and already include <code><nowiki>{{Navbox Research}}</nowiki></code> at the bottom.

== Notes ==
* Disambiguated research pages (where a research node shares a name with a building or item) use a <code>(Research)</code> suffix in the link label but show the plain name in the link text, e.g. <code><nowiki>[[Assembler I (Research)|Assembler I]]</nowiki></code>.
* Infinite research nodes (e.g. Mining Efficiency, Pumpjack Efficiency) appear once even though they repeat in-game.
* Tier numbers may shift when new research is added or prerequisites change — check the infobox tier value after any automatic regeneration.
{{doc/end}}
